# Python-Sqlite-Database

In this repo, We has created a database named 'StudentRecordSystem' that performs CRUD operations. The explanations for program in the file is given below,

From the first few lines we are importing required python modules like tkinter, ttk, messagebox, sqlite3. The tkinter is used to create User Interface. The message box is display message b0xes. The sqlite3 is used to create database. The ttk is used because it has modern and flexible widgets and it is easy to customize. We're creating a new file called 'student_record_system.db' where we'll keep all our student records. We're creating a table in our database to store student details. Each student in the table will have an id, name, roll number, email, phone number and address. We are defining a class named 'StudentRecordSystem'. Initialize the class with the main window of the application then we create labels, input fields, and buttons for user interaction. we create two frames for organizing the GUI widgets. When we run it, A small window with labels and fields appears where we can input student details like name, email, etc... . We also create buttons that can do different things like adding, updating, deleting, and viewing students for doing CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) operations.

When we press the 'Add Student' button, we take all the details written in the fields, write them down in our database, and then erase the fields for new details and we display a message indicating successful addition operation. When we press the 'Update Student' button, we take the new details written in the fields, find the student in our database using the roll number, and update their details. When we press the 'Delete Student' button, we take the roll number written in the field, find the student in our database, and erase their details in the database. When we press the 'View Students' button, we open a new window and list all the students in our database. We create the main window (`root`), put our database `StudentRecordSystem` in it, and keep it open until we close it. 

That's it! We've created a python program that can add, update, delete, and view student records in a database.
